PEP 7: Add note about greppable exception messages (#2605)
python/peps: pep-0007.txt

  previous rule together don't give you enough room to code, your code
  is too complicated -- consider using subroutines.

* Strive to keep exception message string literals on one line,
  in order to make them easily greppable.
  If your exception message breaks the 79 character line width rule,

>   try to mitigate by reducing indent, or by breaking that rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  try to mitigate it by reducing indent, or just bend that rule.
```

It was a touch confusing to me with the double "break", so I clarified it a bit
